capital = 330

oob = "MON_1936"
set_research_slots = 2

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
}

diplomatic_relation = { country = RUS relation = non_aggression_pact }
give_military_access = RUS
RUS = { give_guarantee = MON }

recruit_character = MON_jodbajab
recruit_character = MON_anandyn_amar
recruit_character = MON_mingzhu_zhanshan
recruit_character = MON_fu_shangzhi
recruit_character = MON_songgotu_kangan
recruit_character = MON_haidav
recruit_character = MON_dagva
recruit_character = MON_chimid
recruit_character = MON_sukhbaataryn_yanjmaa
recruit_character = MON_ganbaatar
recruit_character = MON_ulanhu
recruit_character = MON_vg_pyrselov
recruit_character = MON_lee_shou_hsin
recruit_character = MON_buyannmeh
recruit_character = MON_horloogiyn_choybalsan
recruit_character = MON_olziytrygyn_badrak
recruit_character = MON_dashdorj
recruit_character = MON_gomgchigryn_bumtsend
recruit_character = MON_dansrabilegyin_dogsam
recruit_character = MON_yundunwangcug
recruit_character = MON_pai_yun_ti

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1888.6.15"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	social_democrat = 17
	neutrality = 83
}
